# CS-305-Module-Eight

Artemis Fiancial is a financial firm that develops individualized financial plans for customers, which inculde savings, retirements, investments and insurance. They are also looking to incorpate security to ensure that all of this sensitive information that is being transferred and handled is kept secure, and that there is any unauthorized access. What I did well regarding my client's software security vulnerabilites, is enjoying running the dependency testing to view these vulnerabilities. It is important to code securely, because it prevents hackers from being able to get pass any of the weak areas in the code. Software security is important to the well being of the company, especially to keep their customers information private and way from hackers. When there is good trust in the company, it attracts more clients. 
There was one thing I found the vulnerability assessment to be challenging was was trying to identify the false positives. 
To increase the layers of security for this company, I created an SSL certificate as well as making sure that the project has http posts. With the future in mind, I think on strategy I'd use to determine mitigation technqiues is to find and understand any false positives presented in the vulnerability assessment. 
What I did to make certain that the code and software application were functional and secure is running the application more than once, checking for any errors or exceptions present in the code, as well as running dependency checks. After refactoring the code, I had to run the dependency checks again to find any new vulnerabilities within the project. A coding practice that I find more helpful for future assignments or tasks, is whenever encountering problems such as my application not running due to errors, I have learned to pay attention to the console that throws these errors and read them carefully to understand what is causing it. As well as to renemnber my key tool password, this was a roadblock that in my fault, I've forgotten to renember when meant I needed to make a new keytool for the SSL certificate. 
For my future employeers I'd show my vulnerability assessment, that I am able to run maven dependency checks, and considering the assessment how how I can find and understand the information that is given. 
